Added start and stop scripts (#15)
elastic/start-local: README.md

curl $ES_LOCAL_URL -H "Authorization: ApiKey ${ES_LOCAL_API_KEY}"
```

## 🐳 Start and stop the services

You can use the `start` and `stop` commands available in the `elastic-start-local` folder.

If you want to **stop** the Docker services of Elasticsearch and Kibana, just use the `stop` command, as follows:

```bash
cd elastic-start-local
./stop.sh
```

> If you want to **start** the services, just execute the `start` command, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **start** the Elasticsearch and Kibana Docker services, use the `start` command:
```
